Make "Deploy a project" docs vendor-neutral for Cloud IDE (#2006)
astronomer/docs: astro/cloud-ide/deploy-project.md

- A Cloud IDE project. See the [Quickstart](/cloud-ide/quickstart.md#step-1-log-in-and-create-a-project).
- A Git repository hosted with a supported Git vendor. 
- A user account on your Git vendor with a personal access token (PAT). 

Your user account and PAT must have specific permissions depending on your Git vendor. See the following table to determine which permissions you need to configure for each supported Git vendor. 

| Git vendor                                                                                                                | PAT permissions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token) | [PAT scopes](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/oauth-apps/building-oauth-apps/scopes-for-oauth-apps#available-scopes): `repo` and `workflow`. `workflow` is optional for GitHub repositories that already have a [Cloud IDE GitHub action](#deploy-a-project-from-a-git-repository-to-astro).                   |

Author: ```suggestion
| [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token) | <ul><li> [PAT scopes](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/oauth-apps/building-oauth-apps/scopes-for-oauth-apps#available-scopes): `repo` and `workflow`. `workflow` is optional for GitHub repositories that already have a [Cloud IDE GitHub action](#deploy-a-project-from-a-git-repository-to-astro). </li></ul>                   |
```

> | [GitLab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/personal_access_tokens.html)                                             | <ul><li> [User role](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/permissions.html#project-members-permissions): `Developer` </li><li> [PAT scope](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/personal_access_tokens.html#personal-access-token-scopes): `api` </li></ul> |

Reviewer: nit: one of these has bullet points and one doesn't, can we standardize?

    - **Repository**: Enter the name of your Git repository. The format is `<owner>/<repository>`.
    - **Default Branch**: Select the branch you want to commit your project to.
    - **Clone GitHub/GitLab repo during cell execution**: Click the toggle to allow the Cloud IDE to access your Git repository files when executing an individual cell. Turn on this feature if you have cells that depend on helper files, such as helper functions in `include`.
    - **Disable auto sync in favor of manual sync**: When you click this toggle, a button appears in the pane that you can use to manually sync your Git repository to your Cloud IDE environment.

5. Click **Configure**.

### Commit to your repository

After you configure a Git repository, you can use the **Commit** button in the Cloud IDE to commit your changes to your repository. 

1. Click **Commit**.
2. Select a branch type in the **Branch Type** list and then enter a name for the branch in the **Branch Name** field.
3. In the **Commit Message** field, enter a commit message. This is the commit message for changes committed from the Astro Cloud IDE to your Git vendor.
4. Click **Commit**.

> When you first make a commit to your repository, the Cloud IDE commits an additional workflow file that includes steps for pushing your code to Astro. You can then configure your GitHub repository to push your code to a Deployment whenever you commit to specific branches from the Astro Cloud IDE.

Author: What is the name of the action file on GitLab?

> You can commit changes from the Astro Cloud IDE to your GitHub repository without configuring destination Deployments in GitHub. However, if you don't configure any destination Deployments, the workflow fails and your changes aren't deployed to Astro. See [Deploy a project from a Git repository to Astro](#deploy-a-project-from-a-git-repository-to-astro) to learn how to deploy to Astro from the Astro Cloud IDE.

Author: ```suggestion
You can commit changes from the Astro Cloud IDE to your Git repository without configuring destination Deployments. However, if you don't configure any destination Deployments, the workflow fails and your changes aren't deployed to Astro. See [Deploy a project from a Git repository to Astro](#deploy-a-project-from-a-git-repository-to-astro) to learn how to deploy to Astro from the Astro Cloud IDE.
```

## Deploy a project from a Git repository to Astro

> Follow these steps to deploy to Astro whenever you merge commits to a `main` or a `dev` branch on your Git repository. You can modify these steps and the workflow to deploy to any number of Deployments from any number of branches.

Author: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to deploy to Astro whenever you merge commits to a `main` or a `dev` branch on the Git repository hosting your Astro Cloud IDE project. You can modify these steps and the workflow to deploy to any number of Deployments from any number of branches.
```

1. Identify a Deployment for production and a Deployment for development. Note the Deployment ID for each Deployment. To retrieve a Deployment ID, open your Deployment in the Cloud UI and copy the value in the **ID** section of the Deployment page.
2. Create a Deployment API key for each of your Deployments. See [Create an API key](api-keys.md#create-an-api-key). Note the API key and secret for each Deployment.
3. Set the following environment variables in your Git repository:
   
    - `PROD_ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` = `<your-prod-api-key-id>`
    - `PROD_ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` = `<your-prod-api-key-secret>`
    - `PROD_ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID` = `<your-prod-astro-deployment-id>`
    - `DEV_ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID` = `<your-dev-api-key-id>`
    - `DEV_ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` = `<your-dev-api-key-secret>`
    - `DEV_ASTRONOMER_DEPLOYMENT_ID` = `<your-dev-astro-deployment-id>`

    See [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/variables) and [GitLab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/variables/) documentation on setting environment variables.  

> After configuring your repository, commits from the Cloud IDE to your `main` or `dev` branches are automatically deployed to Astro.

Author: ```suggestion
After configuring your repository, commits from any source to your `main` or `dev` branches are automatically deployed to Astro.
```
The workflow doesn't differentiate between Cloud IDE commits and local commits right?
